What beast?
Did you just admit defeat?
You were bullied so miserably by Ye Tianci
Don't you want to step on him?
Of course I want him
What else could he do?
Can I help you?
I can help Ye Tianci step back into the soil
Then I will lift you up to the sky
After
When he was on his knees begging you
Nine Heavens Above
What do you mean by recruiting? I mean
The president of the Great Xia Chamber of Commerce
I use you to do it
I will be the president
Really? Zhang Beifeng?
How dare you!
When will the president of the Great Xia Chamber of Commerce
Can you assign it?
Don't fool around
How about money? That's a temple
Taken from the assigned building
Last time we fought
And the six commanders are right outside the door
How can you assign it privately?
Don't retreat, even China doesn't have this right.
You don't have it.
But I don't care, there's always something added together, right?
Do you really think
Qi Luge is qualified to sit in the position of president
If even he had
Why can't Chu Ruoxi
Qin Ruge was elected as the president of the Great Xia Chamber of Commerce
Unexpected indeed
Yes, I originally thought it was Ye Rulong Ye Shao
But who knew that it was written with Qin Ruge's name?
Just two words away
The problem lies in these two words
Four a day
You have nothing to explain to everyone